[Music]
you know I'm not a gamer myself but
there was a time when I could sit all
night long
playing some new and awesome game and
it's thin I wondered completely out of
the blue what would happen if I play for
24 hours straight you think I didn't
check it I have fat chance what I did
first was prepare in advance I planned
my game day for Saturday so that I'd
have no work to do could sleep until
well rested for the event and would have
another day to recover after it I bought
a dozen Red Bulls big ones not those
little tiny cans and made sure I had
enough coffee at home to keep me going
then I fixed my armchair so that it was
a bit less comfy that I'm used to I
believed it would help me to not fall
asleep to
boy was I wrong but that's getting ahead
of myself I turned off my phone so that
nobody could call and distract me from
playing and put some easy to grab food
on my desk next to the monitor of course
I realized I would have to you know do
some business from time to time but I
thought it wouldn't be cheating to spare
a couple of minutes to visit the
bathroom the alternative was just too
gross you know having done that I began
my let's call it an experiment shall we
I chose an action RPG that I knew would
take me a lot more than 24 hours to
complete I considered playing some MMO
because you know it's kind of eternal
but I'm just not into that stuff so I
opted for a single-player game I
launched it and off I went into the
world of Might & Magic
by the way do you play RPGs what's your
favorite class let me know down in the
comments me I'm a sucker for wizards
feels good to rain fire and brimstone on
your folks well what can I say the first
three hours flew by like one minute when
I looked at my watch I had to catch my
eyebrows from slipping right off the top
of my head I remember thinking hey if
that's how it's gonna be it'll be the
easiest experiment I've ever done on
myself I didn't feel hungry or thirsty
or tired for that matter just nothing
but come to think of it that wasn't
really surprising
it was just three hours after all after
two more hours I finally started feeling
a bit of discomfort in my belly no not
that kind of discomfort I needed some
grub and water so I took a couple of
buns I prepared in advance and continued
playing by the way I didn't lose any
interest in the game whatsoever I guess
it's because when you're playing you're
inside that world living that life so
you don't give a hoot as to what's
outside
ah well psychology is cool and all but
I'm not here for that
after seven hours I remembered that I
had legs nature called and I tried to
stand up but almost fail sitting in the
same position for such a long time did
the dirty on me and first I had to twist
and bend some life into my feet and
knees when I stood up though another
surprise called
my back was aching remember I told you
about the chair I rendered a bit
uncomfortable well joke's on me I
decided to make it as comfy as possible
instead it wouldn't take more than a
couple of minutes so I guess it wasn't
like I cheated or something anyway after
no more than five minutes I returned to
my game three more hours passed I had
another couple of buns and my first
energy drink of the evening gaming
started to take its toll on me apart
from leveling up my character real fast
I started feeling a bit tired but I was
determined to go on after all I only had
14 hours left two more hours in and I
popped another red ball not that I had
to energize myself but I just needed a
distraction you see I had just completed
a really awesome chain of quests and I
really had to savor it for a bit
was I tired nah forget it I was pumped
up and ready to go playing the whole
night I was also ready to go and fight
the crime in the streets with my magic
sword but that's another story
be careful with energy drinks pal
another three hours and that was 15 in
total it was late at night already but I
didn't care I was on a quest with a
capital Q I really don't know what was
happened
to me after all those hours of playing
but once again care I did not all that
mattered was that I was going to collect
that legendary set of armor whatever it
took and after two more hours I finally
got it woohoo now my character was
virtually invincible and I could do
whatever I wanted without saving the
game every several minutes I jumped up
and down in my chair with joy when the
unexpected happened it broke under me
yeah snap just like that 17 hours of
non-stop playing and all of it only to
get my armchair broken I gathered myself
from the floor rub my back and
remembered about my legs again
ouch I forgot that I hadn't stood up in
hours and didn't even stretch them every
now and then completely engrossed with
my in-game progress I used the
opportunity though and walked to the
bathroom when I returned I tried to fix
the chair but couldn't so I took some
wooden one from the kitchen and said it
before my PC determined to finish the
chapter before dawn oh and there was
also my experiment right I couldn't
leave it just like that three more hours
and two more cans of energy drink passed
I did finish the chapter just like I
wanted and having lots of time ahead of
me went on to the next one by the way I
completed more than half the game by
that time which was an achievement in
itself my vision was just a tiny bit
blurry because my eyes were tired from
all that staring into the screen and my
thoughts were increasingly chaotic but
otherwise I felt absolutely fine
remember that legendary set of armor
scrapped it it turned out to be awesome
only before the third chapter and when
that started my gear became trash almost
at once anyway I had four last hours
ahead and I realized I had to squeeze
everything I could out of them I started
looking at my watch more often than
before wondering how it could be that
time suddenly moved so fast three hours
to go then two then one I was still
somewhere mid game and I wasn't
exhausted or anything or so I thought
when the last minute of my 24 hour
marathon ended I saw that
ironically I couldn't just save and quit
in the area I was at the time and I
guess you know what I did then yep I
gave myself time to finish that zone as
soon as I was done I thought how about
going to the nearest town and selling my
unwanted loot after all that's just a
few minutes not gonna hurt so I came to
the town sold my wares
but some new gear and potions the usual
stuff and then there was that NPC with a
question mark nearby you know what that
means right of course I approached him
he told me there was a very promising
quest not far from where I was how could
I miss such an opportunity well you see
where it's all going don't you
I quit the game after another 4 hours I
didn't realize how exhausted I was until
I closed the game I stood up and rubbed
my eyes and then I started stretching as
if my life depended on it
I just couldn't stop myself twenty eight
hours of sitting of which eleven were
spent in a wooden kitchen chair not a
small feat if you ask me but I can
proudly say that my quest I mean my
experiment was a total success not only
did I spend 24 hours gaming but I even
stretched that goal and came out
victorious I can't say I had any serious
trouble connected with it yeah my eyes
were sore as were my legs and lower back
so I stretched like crazy and went on to
do some exercise before going to bed but
otherwise it was pretty cool I don't
know if I'm ever gonna repeat it because
I don't have that much time on my hands
but I don't regret it in the least after
all I managed to complete more than
two-thirds of that game but man did I
sleep like a log after that hey if you
learn something new today then give the
video a like and share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll like just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life